Fix failing tests (#248)
sparksuite/w3c-css-validator: website/docs/notes/throttling.md

You should not call the validator more often than **1 req/sec**. From W3C’s [manual](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/manual.html):

> If you wish to call the validator programmatically for a batch of documents, please make sure that your script will sleep for at least 1 second between requests. The CSS Validation service is a free, public service for all, your respect is appreciated.

> > This can be omitted if you [provide your own service](alternative-validator-service)

Reviewer: This is no longer part of the quote from W3C, so it shouldn't be stylized that way. Let's write this like:

```suggestion

_Note: if you need to make requests more quickly, consider hosting your own [alternative validator service](alternative-validator-service)._
```
